In this lecture, I'm going to talk about User Management.
There are two types of users you can create,
a normal user, which is used to access the cluster externally, using the API. For instance,
through "kubeclt", this user is not managed using objects. And then you have a second type, a service user,
which is managed by an object in Kubernetes.
This type of user is used to authenticate within the cluster. For instance, from inside a pod or from
A kubelet, these credentials are managed by "Secrets".
So, if you just want to add more users to your cluster, then you're going to use normal users.
There are multiple authentication strategies for normal users.
You can use client certificates,
that's what we use now.
Bearer Tokens, which is just a token, an authentication proxy, a proxy in between the API,
so you can choose yourself how authentication will work,
HTTP basic authentication, just login and password, open ID, which is used by Google and Azure for instance
on the cloud, it's to use a third party authentication protocol, and Webhooks.
And here, you also can specify your own authentication mechanism. Service users are using service accounts
tokens, they are stored as credentials using secrets. Those secrets are also mounted in pods to allow
communication between the services.
So, that's the volume that you often see,
that is just a "Secret", for instance, to allow the pod  to connect to the API server.
Service users are specific to a namespace, they are created automatically by the API, or manually using objects.
Any API call that is not authenticated is considered as an anonymous user.
That's why any service in the Kubernet cluster needs to authenticate themselves and it uses service accounts tokens
to do that. Independently from the authentication mechanism normal users have the following attributes:
They have a username, which can be just a string or an e-mail, or UID, user ID, groups, and extra fields to store extra information.
After a normal user authenticates, they will have access to everything.
To limit access if you need to confine authorization.
There are again multiple offerings to choose from.
You can choose "AlwaysAllow", just allows everything, "AlwaysDeny", used for testing,
ABAC, Attribute-Based Access Control, RBAC, Rule Based Access Control,
Webhooks so that you can configure your own remote service, that is going to do the authorization. Authorization is still a work in progress.
The ABAC needs to be configured manually.
So RBAC is definitely more promising, and uses the "rbac.authorization.k8s.io" API group.
This allows admins to dynamically configure permissions through the API.
In Kubernetes 1.3 RBAC is still alpha and even considered experimental.
It is promising and it will become stable.
If you want to know the current state about the authorization methods you can check out this URL.
The next demo, I'm going to show how to use certificates.
The authorization part will do a demo about,
when it becomes more stable.